README.md, before:

# Leetcode_Notes

# Array

[26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](/26%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.md)

[27. Remove Element](/27%20Remove%20Element.md)

[88. Merge Sorted Array](/88%20Merge%20Sorted%20Array.md)

# SQL

[197. Rising Temperature](/197%20Rising%20Temperature.md)

[577. Employee Bonus](/577%20Employee%20Bonus.md)

[584. Find Customer Referee](/584%20Find%20Customer%20Referee.md)

[595. Big Countries](/595%20Big%20Countries.md)

[596. Classes More Than 5 Students](/596%20Classes%20More%20Than%205%20Students.md)

[619. Biggest Single Number](/619%20Biggest%20Single%20Number.md)

[620. Not Boring Movies](/620%20Not%20Boring%20Movies.md)

[1068. Product Sales Analysis I](/1068%20Product%20Sales%20Analysis%20I.md)

[1075. Project Employees I](/1075%20Project%20Employees%20I.md)

[1148. Article Views I](/1148%20Article%20Views%20I.md)

[1141. User Activity for the Past 30 Days I](/1141%20User%20Activity%20for%20the%20Past%2030%20Days%20I.md)

[1251. Average Selling Price](/1251%20Average%20Selling%20Price.md)

[1211. Queries Quality and Percentage](/1211%20Queries%20Quality%20and%20Percentage.md)

[1280. Students and Examinations](/1280%20Students%20and%20Examinations.md)

[1378. Replace Employee ID With The Unique Identifier](/1378%20Replace%20Employee%20ID%20With%20The%20Unique%20Identifie.md)

[1581. Customer Who Visited but Did Not Make Any Transactions](/1581%20Customer%20Who%20Visited%20but%20Did%20Not%20Make%20Any%20Transactions%20.md)

[1633. Percentage of Users Attended a Contest](/1633%20Percentage%20of%20Users%20Attended%20a%20Contest.md)

[1661. Average Time of Process per Machine](/1661%20Average%20Time%20of%20Process%20per%20Machine.md)

[1683. Invalid Tweets](/1683%20Invalid%20Tweets.md)

[1729. Find Followers Count](/1729%20Find%20Followers%20Count.md)

[1757. Recyclable and Low Fat Products](/1757%20Recyclable%20and%20Low%20Fat%20Products.md)

[2356. Number of Unique Subjects Taught by Each Teacher](/2356%20Number%20of%20Unique%20Subjects%20Taught%20by%20Each%20Teac.md)

Commit message:

#1731 The Number of Employees Which Report to Each Employee (Done)

README.md, after:

# Leetcode_Notes

# Array

[26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](/26%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.md)

[27. Remove Element](/27%20Remove%20Element.md)

[88. Merge Sorted Array](/88%20Merge%20Sorted%20Array.md)

# SQL

[197. Rising Temperature](/197%20Rising%20Temperature.md)

[577. Employee Bonus](/577%20Employee%20Bonus.md)

[584. Find Customer Referee](/584%20Find%20Customer%20Referee.md)

[595. Big Countries](/595%20Big%20Countries.md)

[596. Classes More Than 5 Students](/596%20Classes%20More%20Than%205%20Students.md)

[619. Biggest Single Number](/619%20Biggest%20Single%20Number.md)

[620. Not Boring Movies](/620%20Not%20Boring%20Movies.md)

[1068. Product Sales Analysis I](/1068%20Product%20Sales%20Analysis%20I.md)

[1075. Project Employees I](/1075%20Project%20Employees%20I.md)

[1148. Article Views I](/1148%20Article%20Views%20I.md)

[1141. User Activity for the Past 30 Days I](/1141%20User%20Activity%20for%20the%20Past%2030%20Days%20I.md)

[1251. Average Selling Price](/1251%20Average%20Selling%20Price.md)

[1211. Queries Quality and Percentage](/1211%20Queries%20Quality%20and%20Percentage.md)

[1280. Students and Examinations](/1280%20Students%20and%20Examinations.md)

[1378. Replace Employee ID With The Unique Identifier](/1378%20Replace%20Employee%20ID%20With%20The%20Unique%20Identifie.md)

[1581. Customer Who Visited but Did Not Make Any Transactions](/1581%20Customer%20Who%20Visited%20but%20Did%20Not%20Make%20Any%20Transactions%20.md)

[1633. Percentage of Users Attended a Contest](/1633%20Percentage%20of%20Users%20Attended%20a%20Contest.md)

[1661. Average Time of Process per Machine](/1661%20Average%20Time%20of%20Process%20per%20Machine.md)

[1683. Invalid Tweets](/1683%20Invalid%20Tweets.md)

[1729. Find Followers Count](/1729%20Find%20Followers%20Count.md)

[1731. The Number of Employees Which Report to Each Employee](/1731%20The%20Number%20of%20Employees%20Which%20Report%20to%20Each.md)

[1757. Recyclable and Low Fat Products](/1757%20Recyclable%20and%20Low%20Fat%20Products.md)

[2356. Number of Unique Subjects Taught by Each Teacher](/2356%20Number%20of%20Unique%20Subjects%20Taught%20by%20Each%20Teac.md)
